I decided to create a niche Web site a new Web site from scratch and show how I could rank it on google
search on page one.
Within three months at no cost Hi I'm James Bruce over the past 10 years or so I've created something
like 200 Neech Web sites and I've been lucky enough to make my living online.
By far the best way and the most sustainable way to make an income online is to create and maintain
the Web site a nice web site sells affiliate products or your own product and it focuses on a tight
leash on one product.
Before 2012 it was very easy to rank a Web site on google search as Google's algorithms became more
and more sophisticated it became harder and harder.
It isn't possible to game Google.
The only way is to deliver what Google requires and that is the purpose of this course.
Over the years I've spent thousands on advice from experts many who claim to have cracked the Google
algorithm.
Let me state right now that no one has cracked the algorithm although some have a good idea of the main
ranking factors.
The course takes the form of a road map of the process that I used to rank my site on page 1 within
3 months.
Everything is shown and explained in great detail.
First of all I talk about the overall key word strategy and how to choose a domain name using free tools.
I shall have to choose the right keywords for that Aneesh.
I only briefly cover the Wordpress installation and theme setup as there are many free resources available
on the net for guidance security is becoming a major issue for all WordPress sides.
I show the number and the type of attacks that my own site receives and how to ensure your site security.
We will cover guarding against brute force attacks.
Click jacking.
Denial of Service and other dangers.
Plug ins are an essential part of the smooth running and effective WordPress site.
These include plug ins for security and also for delivering ads in a smooth manner.
Secure sites are favored by Google and in future all sites will have an SSL certificate.
This list includes step by step instructions for installing a free certificate
to have any chance at all that ranking in Google search on page SEO or search engine optimization needs
to be as perfect as we can make it.
In this lesson we look at the you are slugs.
The title tags what attributes you should give your images and how to create and upload rich content
to Google finds very valuable all of your pages and posts on your site will be related to a key word.
We use this lesson to relate back to our original keyword strategy that we talked about in the introduction
content creation is crucial to a successful site.
In this model I'll show you how to create unique WordPress posts typically between three to four thousand
words and we'll create these in the one hour.
We'll talk about keywords and their variations and related phrases called Elvis.
I will add rich content quickly and effortlessly and I'll show you tips and tricks using widgets that
will make your site super efficient.
Will your site need links more and more.
Back things are not the powerful answer to SBO that they used to be.
Nevertheless powerful babblings are a definite boon.
For this module I present the actual statistics relating to my own site.
It shows how I runs my site on page 1 within 3 months without using any back links or page services.
In this next module I'm going to demonstrate my overall Keywood strategy.